crossteam.md, before:

---
layout: master
include: default
---

### Cross-team sessions' goals

Participants of the last all hands meeting expressed the wish for more
information about ongoing projects and for more discussion on collaboration
among the projects.

The goals of the two cross-team sessions is to learn something, to do
something useful, and to have fun.

### Learn something

- inform yourself about ongoing & emerging projects and activities
- inform yourself about the NeIC 2016-2020 strategy and its implementation

### Do something useful

- identify possible collaborations across projects and activities
- develop ideas for future projects or activities
- propose actions to mitigate known shortcomings

### Have fun

- enjoy working with your - otherwise remote - colleagues
- compete with your peer cross-team groups to win a price for the best collaboration proposal
- win evaluator prices in different categories

### Background story

In its last meeting in 2016, the NeIC board was impressed with progress in
the implementation of the NeIC 2016-2020 strategy, and particularly with the
achievements of each of the NeIC teams in 2016. It was noted, however, that
there is little to no collaboration among the various projects and
activities, and hence they cannot collaboratively support the implementation
of NeIC's strategy.

The NeIC board has asked the NeIC director to propose - within three months -
concrete measures to address the issue. Subsequently, NeIC management has
summoned staff to a mountain resort to develop a plan for fostering
cross-project collaboration supporting the NeIC strategy.

Consider the following (recent) observations to guide your proposals in saving
the NeIC director:

- too many meetings
- too little face-to-face time
- too much management
- too short projects
- too little cross project/team collaboration (too few shared tasks, challenges, deliverables, ...)
- too small mountains in Skeikampen
- too few women in e-infrastructure
- too little incentives to stay in academic environment (e.g. drag of people to industry)
- users and providers seemingly having diametral goals
- projects having to diverse goals (operational vs development vs building up competency)
- projects being too cloudy
- projects being hampered by political background

### Task

Propose concrete actions, develop ideas for future projects or define
specific outcomes requiring / utilizing collaborations among ongoing
or emerging projects and activities to support the NeIC 2016-2020
strategy. Target specific combinations of 2, 3, old and new, or all
projects. Define milestones at 6, 12 and 24 months, and estimate budget
implications. Answer questions such as

- Why collaborate?
- How to collaborate?
- How to measure success?

Each group will present and defend its findings to the
audience. Note, this is not just for fun, the proposals shall be
followed up by the various interlinked bodies of NeIC (XT, provider
forum, data management forum, project management forum) ... not
kidding. Plus, the best proposal (criteria: originality, feasibility, and enjoyment) and quickest evaluators (per team using bingo cards)
will win prices.

### Format

Cross-team groups of all NeICers (staff, project managers, XT, ... everyone)
will work together on the task. Communication between groups is possible, but
groups will be evalated separately.

### Tentative Schedule & Rooms

15:00-15:10 Phase 0: Introduction (session format, task, goals, rules, groups, roles)

15:10-15:50 Phase 1: Collect information & sketch potential collaborations

15:50-16:20 Break (coffee, tea, waffles)

16:20-17:00 Phase 2: Develop activities, milestones, you-name-it to
increase cross-project collaboration within 6, 12 & 24 months

17:00-17:10 Take your seats

17:10-17:50 Phase 3: Pitch your proposal(s) to the audience (each group gets 3' + 5')

Phases 0 and 3 are take place in the auditorium, are fixed in time and purpose. Phases 1 and 2 are suggestions to groups, but they are free to re-arrange it to their needs. Groups can work in a corner of the auditorium, or chose to work in a room reserved for themselves.

### Cross-team groups

Groups consisting of members from different teams, bodies, countries, gender, etc. will be assembled once registration is finalized.

### Resources

- one page primers:
  - projects: [Biodiversity](/media/one-page-primer/bdi.pdf), [CodeRefinery](/media/one-page-primer/coderefinery.pdf), [Dellingr](/media/one-page-primer/dellingr.pdf), [EISCAT_3D Support](/media/one-page-primer/e3ds.pdf), [ESM](/media/one-page-primer/esm.pdf), [Glenna II](/media/one-page-primer/glenna2.pdf), [NLPL](/media/one-page-primer/nlpl.pdf), [NT1](/media/one-page-primer/nt1.pdf), [Tryggve](/media/one-page-primer/tryggve.pdf)
  - strategy: [FA1 Pool Competencies](/media/one-page-primer/fa1.pdf), [FA2 Share Resources](/media/one-page-primer/fa2.pdf), FA3 Secure Long-Term Funding, [FA4 Strengthen Stakeholder Dialogue](/media/one-page-primer/fa4.pdf), [Strategy Implementation](/media/one-page-primer/strategy.pdf)
- web pages:
  - [NeIC wiki](https://wiki.neic.no/wiki/NeIC_Community_Wiki)

Commit message:

minor fixes to cross team description

crossteam.md, after:

---
layout: master
include: default
---

### Cross-team sessions' goals

Participants of the last all hands meeting expressed the wish for more
information about ongoing projects and for more discussion on collaboration
among the projects.

The goals of the two cross-team sessions is to learn something, to do
something useful, and to have fun.

### Learn something

- inform yourself about ongoing & emerging projects and activities
- inform yourself about the NeIC 2016-2020 strategy and its implementation

### Do something useful

- identify possible collaborations across projects and activities
- develop ideas for future projects or activities
- propose actions to mitigate known shortcomings

### Have fun

- enjoy working with your - otherwise remote - colleagues
- compete with your peer cross-team groups to win a price for the best collaboration proposal
- win evaluator prices in different categories

### Background story

In its last meeting in 2016, the NeIC board was impressed with progress in
the implementation of the NeIC 2016-2020 strategy, and particularly with the
achievements of each of the NeIC teams in 2016. It was noted, however, that
there is little to no collaboration among the various projects and
activities, and hence they cannot collaboratively support the implementation
of NeIC's strategy.

The NeIC board has asked the NeIC director to propose - within three months -
concrete measures to address the issue. Subsequently, NeIC management has
summoned staff to a mountain resort to develop a plan for fostering
cross-project collaboration supporting the NeIC strategy.

Consider the following (recent, but not necessarily complete) observations to guide your proposals in saving the NeIC director:

- too many meetings
- too little face-to-face time
- too much management
- too short projects
- too little cross project/team collaboration (too few shared tasks, challenges, deliverables, ...)
- too small mountains in Skeikampen
- too few women in e-infrastructure
- too little incentives to stay in academic environment (e.g. drag of people to industry)
- users and providers seemingly having diametral goals
- projects having to diverse goals (operational vs development vs building up competency)
- projects being too cloudy
- projects being hampered by political background
- ... add your own observations

### Task

Propose concrete actions, develop ideas for future projects or define
specific outcomes requiring / utilizing collaborations among ongoing
or emerging projects and activities to support the NeIC 2016-2020
strategy. Target specific combinations of 2, 3, old and new, or all
projects. Define milestones at 6, 12 and 24 months, and estimate budget
implications. Answer questions such as

- Why collaborate?
- How to collaborate?
- How to measure success?

Each group will present and defend its findings to the
audience. Note, this is not just for fun, the proposals shall be
followed up by the various interlinked bodies of NeIC (XT, provider
forum, data management forum, project management forum) ... not
kidding. Plus, the best proposal (criteria: originality, feasibility, and enjoyment) and quickest evaluators (one per group using bingo cards)
will win prices.

### Format

Cross-team groups of all NeICers (staff, project managers, XT, ... everyone)
will work together on the task. Communication between groups is possible, but
groups will be evalated separately.

### Tentative Schedule & Rooms

15:00-15:10 Phase 0: Introduction (session format, task, goals, rules, groups, roles)

15:10-15:50 Phase 1: Collect information & sketch potential collaborations

15:50-16:20 Break (coffee, tea, waffles)

16:20-17:00 Phase 2: Develop activities, milestones, you-name-it to
increase cross-project collaboration within 6, 12 & 24 months

17:00-17:10 Take your seats

17:10-17:50 Phase 3: Pitch your proposal(s) to the audience (each group gets 3' + 5')

Phases 0 and 3 are take place in the auditorium, are fixed in time and purpose. Phases 1 and 2 are suggestions to groups, but they are free to re-arrange it to their needs. Groups can work in a corner of the auditorium, or chose to work in a room reserved for themselves.

### Cross-team groups

Groups consisting of members from different teams, bodies, countries, gender, etc. will be assembled once registration is finalized.

### Resources

- one page primers:
  - projects: [Biodiversity](/media/one-page-primer/bdi.pdf), [CodeRefinery](/media/one-page-primer/coderefinery.pdf), [Dellingr](/media/one-page-primer/dellingr.pdf), [EISCAT_3D Support](/media/one-page-primer/e3ds.pdf), [ESM](/media/one-page-primer/esm.pdf), [Glenna II](/media/one-page-primer/glenna2.pdf), [NLPL](/media/one-page-primer/nlpl.pdf), [NT1](/media/one-page-primer/nt1.pdf), [Tryggve](/media/one-page-primer/tryggve.pdf)
  - strategy: [FA1 Pool Competencies](/media/one-page-primer/fa1.pdf), [FA2 Share Resources](/media/one-page-primer/fa2.pdf), FA3 Secure Long-Term Funding, [FA4 Strengthen Stakeholder Dialogue](/media/one-page-primer/fa4.pdf), [Strategy Implementation](/media/one-page-primer/strategy.pdf)
- web pages:
  - [NeIC wiki](https://wiki.neic.no/wiki/NeIC_Community_Wiki)
