practical.md, before:

---
layout: master
include: default
---

### Venue

[Thon Hotel
Skeikampen](http://www.thonhotels.com/hotels/countrys/norway/skeikampen/thon-hotel-skeikampen/)
is located 150 km from Oslo airport and reachable by public transportation
([Skeikampen destination](http://www.skeikampen.no/en).  Bring your favourite
swimming trunks or ski boots for use of amenities out of scheduled hours.


### Transport and accommodation

- NeIC will arrange accommodation, meals and transport between Oslo airport at Gardermoen and Skeikampen for NeIC-contracted personnel.
- Please make your own travel arrangements to/from Gardermoen.
- Please let us know if you would like to make all your travel/accommodation arrangements yourself (for example should you like to rent a cottage instead).


### Arrival

- First shuttle leaves Oslo airport Monday, Jan 23, 14:00 (arrives in Skeikampen approximately 17:00).
- Last shuttle leaves Oslo airport Monday, Jan 23, 15:00 (arrives in Skeikampen approximately 18:00).


### Departure

- First shuttle leaves Skeikampen Thursday, Jan 26, 13:00 (arrives at Oslo airport approximately 16:00).
- Last shuttle leaves Skeikampen Thursday, Jan 26, 14:00 (arrives at Oslo airport approximately 17:00).


### Intended participants

The intended participants of the AHM are personnel contracted in NeIC
operations or projects. If you are engaged in a NeIC project and not sure
whether you should participate, please contact your team leader.  The program
will include a major component of social networking, attempting to mitigate the
effects of the completely distributed nature of NeIC and facilitate excellent
working relations.


### Other participants

Interested members of project steering groups or reference group and
stakeholder fora who want to participate in the discussions, socialize with
NeIC and see what work in NeIC is like on the inside are warmly welcome to join
the AHM. However, co-locating official meetings in such groups to this event is
strongly discouraged, in order not to distract staff away from the prioritized
content. On the other hand, network connectivity has proven excellent at this
location, so for any sessions that do not directly concern such delegates, time
can still very likely be usefully spent doing other productive work.


### Family policy

The focus of the all hands meeting should be on spending social time together
with your teammates and therefore we do in general not recommend to bring your
family during the meeting. If you want to explore the location with your family
you’re welcome to do so, but preferably before or after the AHM. NeIC, however,
will not arrange any travel or accommodation for that.

Commit message:

add meeting point and contact persons

practical.md, after:

---
layout: master
include: default
---

### Venue

[Thon Hotel
Skeikampen](http://www.thonhotels.com/hotels/countrys/norway/skeikampen/thon-hotel-skeikampen/)
is located 150 km from Oslo airport and reachable by public transportation
([Skeikampen destination](http://www.skeikampen.no/en).  Bring your favourite
swimming trunks or ski boots for use of amenities out of scheduled hours.


### Transport and accommodation

- NeIC will arrange accommodation, meals and transport between Oslo airport at Gardermoen and Skeikampen for NeIC-contracted personnel.
- Please make your own travel arrangements to/from Gardermoen.
- Please let us know if you would like to make all your travel/accommodation arrangements yourself (for example should you like to rent a cottage instead).


### Arrival

- First shuttle leaves Oslo airport Monday, Jan 23, 14:00 (arrives in Skeikampen approximately 17:00).
- Last shuttle leaves Oslo airport Monday, Jan 23, 15:00 (arrives in Skeikampen approximately 18:00).
- We meet no later than 10 minutes before departure at the Hittegods (Lost and Found) section in the airport arrival hall.
- Contact person for the 14:00 bus is [Michaela](https://neic.nordforsk.org/about/team/#barth).
- Contact person for the 15:00 bus is [Oxana](https://neic.nordforsk.org/about/team/#smirnova).


### Departure

- First shuttle leaves Skeikampen Thursday, Jan 26, 13:00 (arrives at Oslo airport approximately 16:00).
- Last shuttle leaves Skeikampen Thursday, Jan 26, 14:00 (arrives at Oslo airport approximately 17:00).


### Intended participants

The intended participants of the AHM are personnel contracted in NeIC
operations or projects. If you are engaged in a NeIC project and not sure
whether you should participate, please contact your team leader.  The program
will include a major component of social networking, attempting to mitigate the
effects of the completely distributed nature of NeIC and facilitate excellent
working relations.


### Other participants

Interested members of project steering groups or reference group and
stakeholder fora who want to participate in the discussions, socialize with
NeIC and see what work in NeIC is like on the inside are warmly welcome to join
the AHM. However, co-locating official meetings in such groups to this event is
strongly discouraged, in order not to distract staff away from the prioritized
content. On the other hand, network connectivity has proven excellent at this
location, so for any sessions that do not directly concern such delegates, time
can still very likely be usefully spent doing other productive work.


### Family policy

The focus of the all hands meeting should be on spending social time together
with your teammates and therefore we do in general not recommend to bring your
family during the meeting. If you want to explore the location with your family
you’re welcome to do so, but preferably before or after the AHM. NeIC, however,
will not arrange any travel or accommodation for that.
