schedule.md, before:

---
layout: master
include: schedule
schedule:
    - day: Monday, January 23, 2017
      sections:
        - time: 17:00 - 18:00
          type: recreation
          title: Check-in and registration
        - time: 18:00 - 19:30
          type: plenary
          title: Opening session
        - time: 19:30 - 21:00
          type: recreation
          title: Dinner
    - day: Tuesday, January 24, 2017
      sections:
        - time: 08:50 - 09:00
          type: plenary
          title: Practical information
        - time: 09:00 - 10:15
          type: plenary
          title: Keynote (45 min talk, 30 min discussion)
        - time: 10:15 - 15:00
          type: recreation
          title: Break and lunch
        - time: 15:00 - 17:00
          type: plenary
          title: Project presentation and discussion
        - time: 17:00 - 18:30
          type: plenary
          title: Cross-project team building and brainstorming
        - time: 18:40 - 19:00
          type: plenary
          title: Teamwork challenge briefing
        - time: 19:00 - 20:00
          type: recreation
          title: Break - spa is open!
        - time: 20:00 - 21:30
          type: recreation
          title: Dinner
    - day: Wednesday, January 25, 2017
      sections:
        - time: 08:50 - 09:00
          type: plenary
          title: Practical information
        - time: 09:00 - 10:30
          type: workshop
          title: Tutorials
        - time: 10:30 - 15:00
          type: recreation
          title: Break and lunch
        - time: 15:00 - 19:00
          type: plenary
          title: Teamwork challenge and competition
        - time: 19:00 - 20:00
          type: recreation
          title: Break
        - time: 20:00 - 21:30
          type: recreation
          title: Dinner
    - day: Thursday, January 26, 2017
      sections:
        - time: 08:50 - 09:00
          type: plenary
          title: Practical information
        - time: 09:00 - 11:00
          type: workshop
          title: Team session
        - time: 11:00 - 12:00
          type: plenary
          title: Closing session including survey discussion
        - time: 12:00 - 13:00
          type: recreation
          title: Lunch
---

Commit message:

add keynote talk plus chair

schedule.md, after:

---
layout: master
include: schedule
schedule:
    - day: Monday, January 23, 2017
      sections:
        - time: 17:00 - 18:00
          type: recreation
          title: Check-in and registration
        - time: 18:00 - 19:30
          type: plenary
          title: Opening session
        - time: 19:30 - 21:00
          type: recreation
          title: Dinner
    - day: Tuesday, January 24, 2017
      sections:
        - time: 08:50 - 09:00
          type: plenary
          title: Practical information
        - time: 09:00 - 10:15
          type: plenary
          title: 'Michael Gronager: "Towards the stateful internet: the Blockchain as a ubiquitous compute resource for research" (keynote)'
          chair: Michaela Barth
        - time: 10:15 - 15:00
          type: recreation
          title: Break and lunch
        - time: 15:00 - 17:00
          type: plenary
          title: Project presentation and discussion
        - time: 17:00 - 18:30
          type: plenary
          title: Cross-project team building and brainstorming
        - time: 18:40 - 19:00
          type: plenary
          title: Teamwork challenge briefing
        - time: 19:00 - 20:00
          type: recreation
          title: Break - spa is open!
        - time: 20:00 - 21:30
          type: recreation
          title: Dinner
    - day: Wednesday, January 25, 2017
      sections:
        - time: 08:50 - 09:00
          type: plenary
          title: Practical information
        - time: 09:00 - 10:30
          type: workshop
          title: Tutorials
        - time: 10:30 - 15:00
          type: recreation
          title: Break and lunch
        - time: 15:00 - 19:00
          type: plenary
          title: Teamwork challenge and competition
        - time: 19:00 - 20:00
          type: recreation
          title: Break
        - time: 20:00 - 21:30
          type: recreation
          title: Dinner
    - day: Thursday, January 26, 2017
      sections:
        - time: 08:50 - 09:00
          type: plenary
          title: Practical information
        - time: 09:00 - 11:00
          type: workshop
          title: Team session
        - time: 11:00 - 12:00
          type: plenary
          title: Closing session including survey discussion
        - time: 12:00 - 13:00
          type: recreation
          title: Lunch
---
